Helena Rouhe: Hello.
casondra b: Hello.
Helena Rouhe: Today,
Yeah.
casondra b: Who's in a new spot.
Helena Rouhe: You are
casondra b: Not my windows just open
Oh,
Helena Rouhe: Okay.
Helena Rouhe: I guess I didn't realize that was the window right there.
casondra b: Yeah, yeah. And the tin foil on I can explain the 10 for
Helena Rouhe: Me, you know, it's all good.
casondra b: It's, um,
casondra b: When I first
casondra b: When I first got, say, well, she would wake up whenever the light
casondra b: came into the room and that would be like six or seven in the morning and in order to like sleeping at all. I had to foil up the windows and then I took the foil off the other one but I kind of like it like the one because this is right about my bed.
casondra b: I kind of like it. It's darker.
casondra b: And the mornings.
Helena Rouhe: They do have blackout curtains.
casondra b: This is a blackout window.
casondra b: This is a blend of
Helena Rouhe: The work.
casondra b: It's not know because even
Helena Rouhe: Like that enough
casondra b: Yeah, even with this in mind, I like have a like sometimes I'll take a beanie and I'll just like put it over. I sleep like a fucking crazy person because I have his ear earplugs. I always lose them and they don't seem dense enough. So I have like headphones, like the with the rotary
casondra b: Yeah, no not not anything
Helena Rouhe: That's a pretty rough thing.
casondra b: The rubbery thing that I can like shutter my ear holes and then I and so that I don't lose them. Also because they're attached to each other.
casondra b: And then I I bought a foam pillow heavy foam like the kind that you push into and it keeps your hand for it not to use as a pillow. But to us to put over my head.
casondra b: to drown out the noise that starts at seven in the morning because I live in a house made of paper and the people above me wake up at six.
casondra b: And then I'm right outside the kitchen and it and then so like that. Plus, like I have something over my eyes. It's like, It's unbearable. I'm the lightest sleeper.
Helena Rouhe: I've always been a very much sleep.
Helena Rouhe: It's like a need to be in one of those
Helena Rouhe: Sound chambers.
casondra b: Yeah, sensory deprivation chamber.
Helena Rouhe: Yes, thank you.
casondra b: Yeah, I would love that. That would be ideal.
Helena Rouhe: Have you ever tried one of those. I've never tried one of them.
casondra b: I have not know that seems like a rich white person and
casondra b: I am not rich
Helena Rouhe: Well yeah, I know you might
Helena Rouhe: Be maybe not in the pandemic. Do you go and swim in somebody else's water but at some point.
casondra b: They have
casondra b: To have water in the detail.
Yeah.
casondra b: I mean, like, I wouldn't want to be in it. If I was awake. Like, I only want to sleep in there. Like, I don't, I'm not trying to like
Helena Rouhe: Well, I think that's what people do. I mean, I think they
casondra b: Know like
Helena Rouhe: Correct me if
Helena Rouhe: I'm not interested in a reflection.
casondra b: I'd be claustrophobic.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah. Yeah, that's probably why I haven't tried it out yet.
Helena Rouhe: It would have desired response for me.
Yeah.
casondra b: It just seems like a lot. Oh, no.
casondra b: Um,
casondra b: Yeah earlier. Was it this week. No, I guess it must have been last week I like woke up.
casondra b: A scratch on my arm, um,
casondra b: I woke up.
casondra b: And
casondra b: I felt. Okay. Initially this on Monday, and I felt okay and then it my stomach will not my stomach really like where my pancreas is. And I was like, concerned that it was pancreatitis again.
casondra b: And I was just like, this feels familiar and terrible and I kind of sat with that.
casondra b: Pain. I didn't really drink or eat anything because if it is pancreatitis. You're not supposed to eat or drink anything
casondra b: I was just like, oh my god, like if I have to go to the hospital right now it's going to be packed and also last time I went on. It was just such a fucking close my windows. People said,
casondra b: It was just such a fucking nightmare, because I don't have veins anymore. Like, they're gone. Right.
Helena Rouhe: Like yeah, terrible experience that the web is
Helena Rouhe: Not hope you have
casondra b: Multiple one, one after the other, multiple times a day. And yeah, final doctor was like no, but they had to use the initial IV, they had to put way up here. They had using ultrasound machine.
casondra b: Like to find the the vein. It was crazy. So like, that's another part where I'm just like, oh my god. Like, I don't want to have to go through that again.
casondra b: Um, but eventually I I drink some Gatorade and I felt better. And then I had some soup and I felt better. And then it went away, but it like freaked me out. I was
casondra b: Yeah. It scared me.
casondra b: Because I worry. I don't know for a fact because they weren't because they weren't able to draw the blood, they weren't even able to tell me definitively that what I had before was pancreatitis, but I feel like that's what it was. Yeah.
casondra b: And
casondra b: I don't think that I drink that much.
casondra b: Although I will say that sometimes I some weeks I drink every day. Not like i well i guess to the average person, it would be a lot, but to me, I'm not. I don't feel drunk. You know what I mean.
casondra b: And so
Helena Rouhe: But you're talking, I don't know, might be a little different than others maybe
casondra b: Probably. I think that's fair to say. And, um,
casondra b: And like when I think about it that way, like for the average person. I guess that is a lot of alcohol and maybe that could aggravate it
casondra b: But the fact that it went away. I was like, maybe it was just like something I ate. I don't know. It scared the hell out of me. I don't want to have to deal with that over and over again. Right.
Helena Rouhe: So,
Helena Rouhe: My understanding was that there was a plan, or maybe it was just how they discharge here that you were going to be able to follow up with somebody who you trusted who could take the blood to be able to get that tested after you read through all that now I
Helena Rouhe: Okay.
Helena Rouhe: Do you have anybody like aside from the huge pandemic thing, which is obviously something we need to consider and deal with but
Helena Rouhe: Do you have anybody who you could trust, who would actually be able to follow your instructions and guide and you could guide them as to how to draw blood to get a sense of where you're at, with your level.
casondra b: I mean shit I could do it myself. But like
Well,
casondra b: They're not gonna yeah and i don't i don't see what the point of that is also like if I'm not actively in it. I don't know if that will show anything like I don't know.
Helena Rouhe: Sorry, go ahead and medical care and you have medical provider. He's talked to about this in the past.
Helena Rouhe: Know, and kind of reliably. Okay, so that's kind of, and that's because you didn't have insurance and all of that good stuff to be able to talk
casondra b: It was because I didn't have insurance, and when I, when I had insurance. I was a drug addict and I didn't have a lot of money and I was drug addicts to their
Fat right
casondra b: And also, like, I think that even prior to that, like I always have been raised with this, like if you're if you're not dying. If it's not falling off. Then you're fine.
Helena Rouhe: Mm hmm.
casondra b: I don't know. It just seems like an extra expense.
casondra b: And I don't know. Yeah, this
Helena Rouhe: Could be a chronic condition you I mean
Helena Rouhe: It's possible, you know, given the fact that you've had this now likely to major flare ups and
Helena Rouhe: Potentially some minor things going on.
Helena Rouhe: Not that it's minor at all. But I would advocate for you to consider. Again, given what's going on, although I'm hoping that we're on the downswing and things are going to settle down and people are going to be able to kind of get back to a better space.
Helena Rouhe: In regards regard to moving around and being able to go for more normal kind of health care needs. Maybe it's time to to find somebody who you could work with and
Helena Rouhe: I would, you know, interview them a little bit by just finding out to you. They have kind of a prejudice against working with somebody who has struggled with addiction, because
Helena Rouhe: You. I think you've expressed to me before concern about, hey, I do have the struggles getting labs and I don't want people to judge me. And how does the attitude about all this I yet you recognize labs are important for awareness about this so
casondra b: I do I don't
casondra b: Have a lab is even possible. Like, I really don't like it like not aside from like being judged on all that. It's like the actual physical act of getting it like I don't see like unless you want to try, try and take it from my leg or something. But like, that's just not
casondra b: It's there's, it seems like my experience at the hospital is so terrible because they're like, oh, we can only take it from your arm, we will not take it from here up. It's like, Girl What's like
Helena Rouhe: What's. Yeah, but that's going to be. I was like to believe in my awareness is that the hospital is one dynamic a private clinic is going to be a different kind of thing all together. I mean, ideally, you could find somebody who
Helena Rouhe: Would have a lab associated with the same building that you could kind of work with them and they would be aware of the situation, this is News is not some new phenomenon that has just started to happen and private
Helena Rouhe: Labs and private kind of setup have a much different approach than a big public hospital.
Helena Rouhe: Which is why I would advocate for that and I recognize that there are some hurdles to overcome without so it's not like it has to be an immediate timeline, but
Helena Rouhe: When you have stressors like this situation, it would be nice if you could have somebody who you could talk to from a medical provider standpoint to just have a sense of
Helena Rouhe: Where things that and maybe there are some things that you could adjust in your diet and it may, it's very likely that alcohols, it's not doing any favors.
Helena Rouhe: I can, we can talk about that. But I mean,
casondra b: Other than like you have to give up alcohol completely which I'm not ready to do right now.
Helena Rouhe: Okay, so let's address that in a moment. I'm not suggesting you have to do that. But, so I just, I do know that there are some dietary
Helena Rouhe: Suggestions for people who struggle with aggravated or sensitive case.
Helena Rouhe: So it will probably be a good idea for you to start the process of seeing who would be a good fit for you to follow up with this on a more regular concern. So you're not having to go to the hospital and deal with that which is a very an ideal situation.
Helena Rouhe: To say
casondra b: I mean, it wasn't bad enough
casondra b: To like actually even if the hospital weren't in the state that they're at now.
casondra b: Right. It wasn't enough to go to the ER.
Helena Rouhe: Well, I'm glad to hear that.
casondra b: Yeah, it's expensive.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, for sure.
Helena Rouhe: So without advocating for you to not drink alcohol. Could you give me an estimate of how much you drink when you're drinking. Do you have a sense for that.
casondra b: But I mean, if I'm drinking beer. Maybe I'll have like because recently I've been like more conscious of it.
casondra b: And so like if I'm drinking beer. I'll have like three or four. Sometimes I try to keep it about three but if I'm drinking wine I can drink like a whole bottle of wine and within like like five or six hours.
Helena Rouhe: So definitely have a tolerance.
casondra b: And yeah, you know, I don't up
casondra b: Yeah, I don't know, like I said it within that time I don't ever really feel
Helena Rouhe: Like drunk right
casondra b: Because it's such a serious face that period of time, right.
casondra b: Well, like this happened on Monday, I didn't drink for like five days in a row.
Helena Rouhe: Okay. And did you notice any difference fruit in the sense of physically feeling any differently.
No.
Helena Rouhe: So again, you have a high tolerance. I don't even if you're not necessarily noticing the physical differences, I would advocate for you to not cut it off completely. But maybe just try and drink half of what you would
Helena Rouhe: Normally drink with the mindset that you're being a little bit more conscientious about overall what's going in your body for Wellness.
Helena Rouhe: Not because you can't drink because it's bad for you, kind of thing, because that mindset. So it's going to trigger people
casondra b: Yeah, and it's not even like the mindset of, oh, I can do because it's bad for me it's just like, I need somebody to take the fuckin edge off like that's really what it is.
Helena Rouhe: So,
Helena Rouhe: What else can you do to help you with that as opposed to being a substance that you take
casondra b: I don't know. That's what I've always struggled with.
Helena Rouhe: And this has been kind of the go to
Helena Rouhe: A long
casondra b: It's not one thing. It's another you know right before
Helena Rouhe: Right. So do you think you're getting to the point where you're starting to kind of consider different kinds of actions as opposed to a substance or behavior to distract you.
casondra b: I mean, I try. I tried, but like honestly like the depression is bad. You know I manage it and I kind of white knuckle through life, but the social anxiety is really bad.
casondra b: And the depression is is pretty bad. And it's constant and and and so it's like those are things where I'm just like, God, I don't. I really do not want to take fucking
casondra b: Medication for for that shit I because I've taken every medication under the sun. I had such severe reactions.
Helena Rouhe: I've had
casondra b: Like just years of terrible experiences and and doctors. They didn't know what the fuck they were doing mixing medications that should not be mixed together.
casondra b: Mm hmm. And it's just I don't know. And then if I would take something. Sometimes I wouldn't even notice any difference. And it's just like
casondra b: I'm really reluctant and like the whole like Big Pharma thing like they are just really pushing like a single pill on all of the psychiatrists and every psychologist is forcing it on all of their patients. And it's just like
casondra b: God damn are you even really prescribing the sheet you think's going to work, or are you just getting a fucking paycheck from prescribing me this pill that that you're being highly encouraged to prescribe
casondra b: It's hard for me to like trust and also like a fucking psychiatry is what you sit without you sit with them for an hour. If you're lucky.
casondra b: And you tell them I don't know as much as you can get out in an hour. And they're like, oh, yes, you have this thing. It's like, how could you possibly know
casondra b: How could you possibly know from sitting with me for five hours for 10 hours, let alone one hour. Like it's, I don't know that the whole thing just weird and shady
Helena Rouhe: Did you ever talk about or do mood disorder meds with Dr. Waters, I don't think so.
casondra b: No, because I told her I wasn't really open to it.
Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: Well, we have an old school nurse practitioner who is doing mental health stuff she has been of quirky death, but I think she's kind of old school and then that makes her kind of
Helena Rouhe: A little bit more loose and open as opposed to these the underdogs, who are a bit you know stuck in the mindset of take this and you'll be fine. Kind of thing so
Helena Rouhe: Yeah.
casondra b: That's not work there.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, so
Helena Rouhe: Men that's potentially an option for you to maybe have a consult with her and see if you feel like she's worth any trouble and talking to you when switch practitioners, she would just be somebody who you can talk to in regard to move stuff.
Helena Rouhe: Or maybe
casondra b: Yeah a lot like closed off the to the idea, but I just, I don't want to be peddled like
casondra b: right fucking Prozac or fucking select so like I don't want to be fucking, like, you know,
casondra b: Like there's just been like, and I took. I took these drugs for so many years as a teenager and starting it like at eight years old and I feel like it really fucked with me and
casondra b: And I noticed, like there were like waves like there was like one drug that was very popular, no matter where I went. And then there was another drug. It was very popular, no matter where I went. And it wasn't like
casondra b: I don't like yeah
Helena Rouhe: Well, she doesn't make him feel prescriptive so much as a duo like here's the cool thing to do right now.
casondra b: Yes, yes.
Helena Rouhe: Would you be okay with me, having that that practitioner and just review your chart kind of see what you've been through and see if she has different ideas or suggestions before you guys even need to see if I think it might be a good fit.
Helena Rouhe: You said, I'm saying, like, however, just look and see if she starts preaching birth, just kind of just speaks to medicine supposed to like, oh, I'd like to
Helena Rouhe: Think I have a bit of a sense of kind of where you're coming from. Maybe I can better out a little bit, things that might be a good option for you.
casondra b: I mean, yeah, that's fine.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, and I understand where you're coming from. With that, because it's definitely a phenomena that occurs out there. And especially when you starting meds that young, you can have some pretty strong adverse reactions hormones play into it, all sorts of things play into it and can definitely
Helena Rouhe: Just emotionally really screw with you in the idea of who wants to take meds and then you know when you're struggling with substances. It's kind of like, why am I going to take a substance to feel better when I just take this
casondra b: Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: Well, they only good answer. I have about that. And I don't know if it's a good answer is that some sentences are more about working with your chemistry, then
Helena Rouhe: And helping you be functional and others will be against your chemistry. Ultimately, and create more dysfunction, your life so
Helena Rouhe: It is that there's also other stuff too. But I think what you're describing, I mean you have a lot of skill sets, I think what you're describing is is legitimate chemical imbalances that create a lot of homework in your life.
casondra b: Yeah.
casondra b: That it's, I don't know, like part of me feels like I should just be able to handle it because I made it this far. It's like just deal with it. Just like suck it up and deal with it, but it's just like, I don't even know.
Helena Rouhe: How many ways you have dealt with it. You aren't dealing with it.
casondra b: Right, yeah. That's like the other part is just like, you know, just do it. Just fucking do it but it like, feel like, I don't know. It always feels like there's like a fucking void.
Helena Rouhe: So you are making a lot of progress in using your skills and you've come a long way in the time that you and I have known each other.
Helena Rouhe: But maybe now is the time to kind of circle back around on your physicality in terms of hopefully addressing your pancreas stuff and or maybe the mood stuff and see if there's a way to kind of find a better
Helena Rouhe: Way to manage it, or a different way to manage it.
casondra b: Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: It's gonna be productive for you, not just something to check off the list.
Yeah.
casondra b: It is. And I've always just been like, oh, like in life like things have been so shooting for so long. It's like, oh,
casondra b: Yeah, look, this changes. I'll be happy and then it's like, well, if that changes if I can get this under control. And then if this if I can manage this then I can then like finally it'll just hit me like a fucking truck and I'll be like, Oh, I can live with myself, but
casondra b: It's not quite like that.
No.
Helena Rouhe: But that makes sense, right, I mean, in this you know where you have been through.
Helena Rouhe: An episode amount of ridiculousness. And so in order to put one foot in front of the other. It is about just getting literally through the next thing.
Helena Rouhe: And then the next thing and that's what has kept you alive. Up to this point and I think you're starting to shift out of more of a survival crisis mode into figuring out what the heck it means to actually live a life and have moments of
Helena Rouhe: Maybe Joy's too strong, or words that positivity or neutrality and it's not such a terrible slog every minute of every day.
Helena Rouhe: And that is a huge adjustment to make and the idea of things being positive and joyful is just absurd but maybe it does. Maybe it could just be neutral and not terrible, which would be fantastic.
casondra b: I mean yeah I don't ever expect to be like happy in my life. But I definitely would like to be content right
Helena Rouhe: Which is much more appropriate way to live your life, people who are not really happy really are just that.
casondra b: Yeah, I don't know if that's like a genuine thing that people feel my
Helena Rouhe: So how are you doing in terms of food. Now that things have settled down. Are you are you still kind of struggling with all that or is that
casondra b: I mean, not as much. I tried to like
casondra b: You are trying to just like do something active during the day and then I don't feel as guilty. And also, like, I don't know.
casondra b: The my housemates been away for like several days at a time, she is getting on my nerves and like multiple ways but like when she's around I feel very triggered. Mm hmm.
Helena Rouhe: Same one right
casondra b: Yeah, with regard to food is my
Helena Rouhe: Favorite know
casondra b: And because like I know she's not like so blatantly doing it like she was, but I have. I know enough about it to know that she's not stopped. Yeah.
casondra b: Yeah, then like everything out of her mouth is fucking self deprecating and it's fucking
casondra b: A drag to like listen to
casondra b: And
casondra b: I don't know. I have, I have a suspicion that she's also like using drugs like hard drugs like I have a suspicion. I can't prove it.
casondra b: But I do have a suspicion and like that's been like making me irritated as fuck to
casondra b: I just like want to like catch something in the trash or like
casondra b: Whatever just that I could be like, Yeah, get the fuck out. I mean,
Helena Rouhe: Is that kind of a house rule for you guys.
casondra b: Well, she it's myself and gather who have
casondra b: Myself and govern who have who are on like a year lease and she's a month to month and the way that it's stipulated is that we don't really need a reason
casondra b: We can just ask her to leave. But I don't want to
casondra b: Especially right now. Like, I don't want to just like kick her out, even though I would love to.
casondra b: I'd love to be like beat it, but
casondra b: I don't know. I don't want to do it without like a good reason.
Right.
Helena Rouhe: Have you expressed any of these concerns they have ever
casondra b: I have
Helena Rouhe: And does he have any sense of this as well, or
casondra b: Um, when it was like the very obvious like throwing up and I told him how much it bothered rain.
casondra b: Right. He was like, yeah, she keeps doing it. She's got to leave. And so then she like wasn't doing it as she's like as obviously so that stopped.
casondra b: And then I said, I told him I had a suspicion, who was like yeah I don't. I mean, I don't really care about that as long as she continues to pay your bills and I was like okay well
casondra b: But I feel like if I could just like prove that it's more than just, just like like right now, I'm just like I said just a suspicion.
casondra b: Based on like behaviors and noises
Right.
casondra b: So,
Helena Rouhe: I give a pretty good gut for these kinds of things.
Yeah.
casondra b: And it's just like, I don't know, like that makes it hard to be like civil like I'm having a hard time being civil with her.
Helena Rouhe: So how thick. No, go ahead.
casondra b: No, I was just gonna say like it just makes me like irritated. Like when she's around and she's here when I know she's here I'm just like, irritated. I just wish that I had my own like my own place.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, you're not comfortable in your space. Now, this person.
casondra b: Yeah. Yes.
Helena Rouhe: On all the thing. Yeah. Yes.
casondra b: You guys are gonna say I regret like because I was the one who was like yeah let's choose her, you know, she, it won't be boring. I remember saying
casondra b: And that's what I also said, I was like, yeah, she could be one of the normal or she could be a fucking psycho but it won't be boring.
Helena Rouhe: And here we are. I mean, it's so hard to be able to choose people out of the blue. When you really don't have much to go on. It really is the gamble.
casondra b: I mean, I had a gut feeling. I was like, she's going to be crazy.
Helena Rouhe: Think I listened to your gut more how
casondra b: You're obviously
Helena Rouhe: Well, we're just learning these things.
Helena Rouhe: Been hard to figure out who to trust. I think that you include you can include yourself in that
casondra b: Yeah.
casondra b: Yeah, I just don't like living with women. I think like I've never like obviously I've had bad learning experiences with guys very bad but like consistently like I've had guy roommates that are just find neutral don't care. Almost every girl that I've lived with at least in Oakland.
casondra b: I'm just thinking, is it every girl.
casondra b: Yeah yeah probably every girl because I can't think of one that I was neutral with like they all got on my nerves.
casondra b: They all just like we're so dramatic and like maybe I'm being dramatic to like probably, I don't know, but like I just fucking cannot be bothered.
casondra b: I don't know. I have I have trouble being neutral living with women.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah. Well, not to sound like a therapist, but that may or may not have something to do with the women, you were raised by
casondra b: I mean, maybe, I don't know, it also just seems like these are some fucking dramatic basic fucking stupid bitches like that's like how it comes off, it's like, wow, you guys are like dramatic and fucking weird. And, like you,
casondra b: Go into my person you take my money and then you fucking like are hostile like openly hostile. It's just like, Okay, great. Glad we live in this really cool environment like it was it's
casondra b: It's like always been just like openly hostile
casondra b: It like a gig. Honestly, you know, it reminds me off and like maybe this is the real reason reminds me of being a fucking little kid and wanting like
casondra b: And not like wanting friends but like being so weird that I can't get, like, I can't get along with people and then it ends up like with them bullying me and then
casondra b: In order to stand up for myself, I get aggressive back like that's how it feels, it feels very much like that.
casondra b: Like okay, I can't relate to you. I'm having a very hard time relating to you. And then I start to get like maybe I started or maybe they started but it ends up with both of us just like fucking hating each other.
casondra b: And then there's like obviously like some girls who do crazy shit like steal my fucking debit card out of my purse and use it to buy their acting classes online on a repeat payment.
casondra b: You know, so it's just like, it's just like shit like that. I'm just like, wow, like the spot like I've had multiple like mostly bad
casondra b: Living experiences, mostly bad
Helena Rouhe: So, given the fact that you've had mostly bad living experiences and you're not comfortable in the current situation and you would feel better if you had a really solid reason
Helena Rouhe: Do you think that you could start talking together about advocating for yourself, even if it's not a huge reason and start considering the idea of this person not being a part of this House.
casondra b: I mean I have considered that I feel I would feel like a witch to do it during the fucking pandemic.
Helena Rouhe: Maybe it can be like a move out date as opposed to have more
casondra b: Thinking about it and here's here's like my not a plan because plans never worked out. But like when sep tember comes, you know, I don't know, but I have a feeling that she's going to be offered the option of having a
casondra b: Year year long lease and I, I will just say, No, I don't feel comfortable with that.
Helena Rouhe: But before September. I mean, you know, you've talked about saving money and getting to the point where you can get into your own space I'm having a sense that you're not quite ready to go there yet. So
casondra b: No, because I have no fucking money because like I just spent all my savings on a car. I've only been
casondra b: Drug for, what, eight months.
casondra b: Right, like I am able to save money very fast now but it's like I said I saved up like 10 grand and then spent all of it on a car. So now I'm back to, like, you know, I guess to ground. No, but
casondra b: That's not what you fucking need to have a house.
Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: My point is, is that if you're really thinking that this person potentially is going to be around for the long term. That's not a good fit for you and you're not in place to get your own space yet.
Helena Rouhe: So maybe instead of waiting you advocate sooner rather than later. And I'm not saying that this person is moved up tomorrow, but you're really not comfortable and I don't see that changing so
Helena Rouhe: Advocating for a different option might be
Helena Rouhe: Something to consider.
casondra b: Yeah, I guess I'm trying to
casondra b: I'm trying to avoid like
casondra b: I guess the confrontation that would happen. And I feel like when September comes, it's already going to have, it's going to have to come up instead of me just bringing it up right it's it's brought up so I have to give my opinion, instead of like me, bringing it up, if that makes any sense.
Helena Rouhe: It makes sense. But what I'm concerned about is that we're, we're, I am hoping that we are shifting you to a place of being more of an advocate for yourself.
Helena Rouhe: And you have been in such a
Helena Rouhe: survival mode of just trying to live and get through the next day or the next minute or the next hour and see that time is
Helena Rouhe: Starting to really kind of create a little bit of a distance and now you're in more of a neutral space. And I know it's going to be a bigger step for you, but
Helena Rouhe: Doing things like seeking out medical attention before it's an emergency and getting kind of regular workup.
Helena Rouhe: Seeking out a better living situation, meaning that this person is not a good fit for you.
Helena Rouhe: And advocating that you either want to just be the two of you or find another roommate or start putting that into play now not saying it has to be this big dramatic terrible conversation.
Helena Rouhe: But just like you're really not comfortable and she's not redirecting and not likely to develop the awareness and or accountability to redirect.
casondra b: I mean, that's, yeah, that's true.
Helena Rouhe: So it's not likely that this person is going to change. So therefore, they're not going to be working on their stuff and be a better fit for you and that's okay. I mean,
Helena Rouhe: It's hard to find roommates that you get along with. And just get along with little own that you actually like. So the fact that you and gather are good friends is fantastic. So
Helena Rouhe: I would like to honor that a little bit, you know, and not that she's a third wheel, but she's in a space that you have to share more dramatically. Now, because everyone's kind of
Helena Rouhe: under house arrest on some level.
Helena Rouhe: And so it's
Helena Rouhe: More free
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, or extreme right now. Yes.
Helena Rouhe: But even if you're not under house arrest is still uncomfortable. And now that it's become this level of awareness. I don't see
Helena Rouhe: You know, this is a good trade and it's a torturous one to once you have a level of awareness you you can't go back from that. It's not like once things settle down.
Helena Rouhe: You're going to all of a sudden feel better. You're, you're still going to be as uncomfortable, but now you just won't have to have it in your face quite as much but
Helena Rouhe: Now you're going to probably dread going home or dreading having to go outside or dread having to go
Helena Rouhe: To the kitchen because what is she's there. I mean, that's just not a if you don't have to live that way. Why would you and I don't think you have to live this way.
Helena Rouhe: Doesn't mean that you have to move out just means that conversations need to be had and discussions and and maybe just with you and give her to begin with.
Y'all
casondra b: Are like, I totally hear what you're saying. I just like
Helena Rouhe: Yeah.
casondra b: I'm not expecting anything
casondra b: Advocating. Yeah, I know you're it's just I feel I because there's the other part of me that is like
casondra b: empathetic to a fault and I just feel like bad for her. Sure.
Helena Rouhe: You can get kind of where she's coming from you. Been there, done that on some level, yeah.
casondra b: Right. Yes.
Helena Rouhe: And you would like for someone to been a little bit kinder and more empathetic towards you, when you were in those harder spots.
casondra b: Yes.
Helena Rouhe: But that doesn't mean that you have to live. Kind of a quasi tortured existence. Just because you're trying to be nice to somebody
casondra b: Also thing. I'm like, not, not really trying to be nice to her.
Helena Rouhe: While you are on some level, because I'm
casondra b: Getting on the on the most based on most basic human level. Yes.
Okay.
Helena Rouhe: And what you're shifting and it's not doesn't need to happen today. But what we're looking at is really transitioning from you living at a base level to living a more engaged.
Helena Rouhe: So filling level.
Helena Rouhe: Which means that these kinds of things take an extra level of energy and engagement and struggle.
Helena Rouhe: Which is, in my opinion, kind of exhausting. A yeah well worth it because you live a better life.
casondra b: Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: But I get that it's it's a heartache. I mean, it's not it doesn't come easy
Helena Rouhe: How, how's the lawn gardening project coming
casondra b: Oh my god, so it's fine. And one of my upstairs neighbors is helping me, which is very nice.
Helena Rouhe: He's a big guy with a rock.
casondra b: Know the other different
Helena Rouhe: You aren't having an ongoing discussion with rock and lon
Helena Rouhe: And we finally stopped the drama.
casondra b: Let me tell you about about rocks. So he
casondra b: He we all get mailed to the same place. Okay. Oh, God. Let me back up because you don't know any of this is so fucking funny. Okay, so
casondra b: This guy's like, he's just like a fucking weirdo. Like, I don't know how else to describe it. Like, I don't know if I've told you he like he's like part of a cool church and he invited
casondra b: Like everybody to like an event, but didn't tell us, like what the
casondra b: This was several months ago didn't tell us what the was
casondra b: And it was it looked just awkward and strange and like very standoffish. And like seems upset, at least to me, he seems upset. Most of the time, and his upstairs. The people that live upstairs with him, do not like him, and there I won't go into why I know that I just know for a fact like
casondra b: I just know and and so we all get mailed to the same place, and
casondra b: This guy had this rocks had lost his job because I saw unemployment.
casondra b: checks in the mail.
casondra b: Now, I was like okay he lost his job and now he has like packets from not just the military, but the Marines.
casondra b: And the reason why I find it so funny is because I don't know my dad was a Marine. And he told my mom. They were all savages and like, it's not like there's like maybe this guy could do the Navy, but not the fucking Marines. I don't know. It just seems like
Helena Rouhe: It's a different mentality.
casondra b: It sure is. And, and here's the other part that I think makes it like the the funniest is that
casondra b: So I don't know what prompted this but like goober and myself are from Southern California. And so everybody is dude. It just comes
casondra b: Out of our vernacular.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah.
casondra b: It is, it's not even like a term of endearment. It's just we call I call my boss, dude. Like, that's the level we're at. So, um, and, and again, we only see this person in passing governor is outside. And he's like, Hey dude, and he says that
casondra b: Anytime. He sees Justin and then that's it. So this guy texts Gever and it's like, hey, the last couple times. You called me, dude. Can you don't call me dude anymore. And I was just like,
casondra b: Your
casondra b: Your, your that's something I would expect to hear from like a father to a son, a teacher to a student, a boss to an employee, but not like
casondra b: Somebody who's like four years older than you. It just seemed so like I'm out of nowhere because the next step after that is that I that we just don't acknowledge you
casondra b: Right, because I'm not going. It comes so naturally right and it comes out. So naturally, that it's not like we're maliciously or like intentionally demeaning like anybody
casondra b: Could just cut out so. And actually I'm I don't know or care enough to
casondra b: censor myself like that. So like and gerber's like yeah I'm just not gonna say anything anymore. And then I was outside and and I had forgotten about all this. And he was just like outside and I was like, Hey, dude. And then the minute it left my mouth, I was like,
casondra b: Oh god, you
casondra b: Eat Deep sigh, and then he didn't say fucking word back to me didn't acknowledge me at all. And I was just like, bro. You need to smoke a bowl or I don't know what like you need to do something to get your
casondra b: whatever is going on inside of you in check. I just like all of that was just so funny to me. Um, but back to the lawn.
casondra b: A different person from upstairs is helping me and
casondra b: That's very nice of him, although okay so the last time I will clear a section I will prep the soil and then I will go to Home Depot and I will buy the side and the way that the Home Depot is set up is that it has a lot of the garden area is like outside of the building.
casondra b: Right. And because of virus. You can only go in one entrance which is not the
casondra b: Grind mentioned
Helena Rouhe: Not go right
casondra b: In and out of the garden entrance
casondra b: At the zone. And so the last several times I've stood in line to get into the home depot from five minutes to 30 minutes this last time.
casondra b: To get in and then you have to purchase, you have to get somebody to put in a code and then you buy the side and then you go outside and you load it up and you take it away.
casondra b: Last time I did all that got home noticed that the that it was a little bit dry and then when I UNFURLED IT. IT WAS JUST yellow like highlighter yellow not
Dead.
casondra b: Dead. But like and and I could recognize that it was the same exact roles of sod from
casondra b: Before yes yeah I should. And I was like, oh, I don't want to get more than I need, because I don't know how to take care of sod that isn't planted. But apparently, neither the fucking Home Depot, so
casondra b: And I tried
casondra b: I tried to call them just see like, okay, can you, like, I don't think that they're going to give me a refund or anything because I
Helena Rouhe: Can exchange it.
casondra b: Well, it's already laid already fertilized, it already watering it
Helena Rouhe: I didn't write it back to life.
casondra b: Park. Yeah, it's like, it's so difficult to get in and out of the car. Yeah, yeah, you know, and then you'd have to get there. Get it in and out of the car right there.
casondra b: And then right in LA and and that like it's just, it's so awful. I'd rather just fertilize it and water it because it's not dead. It's just yellow
casondra b: And so I don't think they're going to give me like a type of discount, but I would like them to tell me when they're going to get a new shipment and
Helena Rouhe: Therefore, you can avoid more yellow
casondra b: Oh, yes. And so, like, I don't know what to do because every time I call, they're just like, it's like all lines are busy and then it just hangs up on you. So I guess I'll just, like, do a drive by and like
casondra b: scoop it out.
casondra b: Like if they got some all I'll go and like, I don't know, it shouldn't be.
Helena Rouhe: It shouldn't be this.
Helena Rouhe: Oh man, how much more do you have left.
Like
casondra b: Oh, I got here. So here's the thing. I was only going to do like a certain section but it kind of looks like shit I fucked up one of the edges because
casondra b: I was just like, oh, I guess I'll just cut it to fit the area that I've cleared and then I was like, No, if I just clear two more inches. I can just lay it without having to cut it. And so I have this like weird zigzag he side. And so what I think I'm going to do is
casondra b: I guess it's maybe like a foot that I'll have to clear
casondra b: So I'm going to bring it to the edge of where the yard ends and then there's this like thin strip on the side.
casondra b: And I guess I'll just like that's about a foot. And I guess I'll just clear all that out and bring it all the way so that it's like edge to edge and then my other house me just talking about like
casondra b: Like doing more of the art and I'm just a guy from upstairs and I was like, um,
casondra b: Maybe I mean we don't pay for water that's included in our, our rent bill but I imagine if we did enough of yard and we had water as often as we could. They notice
casondra b: Yeah. Hey, something
Helena Rouhe: We start with what you have and
casondra b: See right that's, that's where my mind that, like, I'm going to start where I'm at. And then, you know,
casondra b: I guess the wet because I hate wasting water like I definitely do not shower, a ton. Because I hate wasting water and, like, in my mind, I'm like why don't shower, a lot. So I guess I can water this grass.
Helena Rouhe: It's not so good for the environment to have a little green is good for your pup. I mean, there's a lot of good things that that water is doing.
casondra b: Yeah yeah
casondra b: Yeah, that's a good way to look at it. So yeah, so I don't know, I probably have
casondra b: Since he helped he cleared a lot of the guy from upstairs. He helped he cleared a lot of the area that I would have had to clear to finish the original job I had in mind. And so
casondra b: I don't know.
casondra b: We'll see how much I get done this weekend, I would imagine, like two or three more weekends and then
casondra b: It'll be done.
Helena Rouhe: Wow, are you going to have a before and after picture.
casondra b: I didn't even think about that. I've taken pictures after I laid the sod. I am here. Let me see if I can show you the picture of how fucking yellow. It is
casondra b: It's like
casondra b: It is comical. Um, okay. So I don't know if you can
Helena Rouhe: Oh, wow. Yeah, yeah.
Helena Rouhe: Oh yeah, that is quite yellow
casondra b: Yes. And it's just it's six squares and each square is like eight square feet feet. They are heavy
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, they
casondra b: Are heavy. I read that like one square foot is like four pounds.
casondra b: So like eight square feet.
casondra b: I don't know, is a lot more than four. It seems like it's like at least like 50
Helena Rouhe: Or awkward.
casondra b: It's kind of
Helena Rouhe: An awkward. It's not something to kind of easily carry around
casondra b: Know, they're rolled up and you kind of have
casondra b: To like
casondra b: Brace yourself and pair them up if they're wet, then they're slippery and you kind of have to like
casondra b: Like the way I've been doing it is I have to pick it up a certain way so that I can just like slam it down on the ground.
casondra b: Right, it'll just unfurl on its own like God. God forbid I put it down the wrong way and I have to like
casondra b: You know, do one of these
casondra b: But I mean, it's
casondra b: It's going and
Helena Rouhe: Everything in your life.
casondra b: I'm very disappointed with hello
casondra b: Very disappointed with that.
Helena Rouhe: But to think how exciting. It's going to be when you can get it all be the same green color because you've done such a good job.
casondra b: That will be nice. It was kind of like a wrench in the gears, like I was so excited to put it down and then when I unfurled. The first one it was yellow. I was like, Oh, they're all going to be yellow. And this is going to look like shit.
casondra b: And that's kind of what happened. And so like it really took the wind out of my sails, I guess.
casondra b: But
casondra b: I don't know. I'm just going to keep
casondra b: I've looked up how to bring it back to life and the roots are green. It's
Helena Rouhe: It's just not just the top. Yeah. It'll be okay. Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: I feel like your life just doesn't
Helena Rouhe: come easily be challenged
casondra b: Nothing can be easy. Nothing can be easy.
Helena Rouhe: I've learned how to do your own nails.
Helena Rouhe: So that's going to save you a lot of money to
casondra b: I sure did. Yeah.
casondra b: All fabulous but
Helena Rouhe: They're also very
casondra b: 33. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah, they're better than then you would expect for somebody who's never done it before, but, um, it's not like I was starting from square one, because I've been getting my nails done like this for five years. So I definitely
Helena Rouhe: Can you
Helena Rouhe: paid attention over the time. Yeah.
casondra b: Well, right. I know what the probably know what each step is and then like I didn't know what the materials being used were but then there's YouTube and YouTube is a wealth of information and like after buying the materials. I'm probably saving like $750 a year.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah.
Give or take
casondra b: You know, I feel bad because I was very loyal to that nail place. I really enjoyed that nail place but
casondra b: Yeah, I mean, it's not like I wanted to do this. It's just kind of fell in my lap and
casondra b: It's also weird to have like if I get because now I feel like I finally gotten the thickness and the the liquid powder ratio down, which is how you like
Helena Rouhe: Manage and that would be pretty hard.
Helena Rouhe: Not an easy thing.
casondra b: It's very hard because you have to just do it a bunch of times.
casondra b: And I've done my cuticles like
casondra b: Twice. Now, I'm like, not I was almost done. I need to finish up this one, but I had to like add length and I had to add a thickness and I'm still not not completely jazzed
casondra b: But
Helena Rouhe: Well, again, that's not an easy skill set. And this is a new endeavor for you.
casondra b: And then doing it with my Non dominant hand is also very difficult
Helena Rouhe: Taking on some very interesting challenges. These day
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, maybe. All of that is kind of an interesting way to distract yourself in a good way, your health, a distraction.
casondra b: Yeah, definitely. Like, especially the nails it takes so much time.
casondra b: It takes
casondra b: Hours literal hours of time, even just to do like a, like, because I fucked up the cuticles and I've had to remove part of the cuticles and redo those even that takes hours but I
Helena Rouhe: Think that over time, you're going to get much more efficient at it. You're just you're taking the time right now because you're just learning
casondra b: Yeah, I would agree with that.
casondra b: Art agree with that, you know, I guess it's like a interesting skill to have for somebody
Helena Rouhe: I mean, I
Helena Rouhe: Well, I think it's good for you to be able to do all of this stuff for you in particular, I think is fantastic because it has been
Helena Rouhe: Low on the priority. And oftentimes, maybe even an intentional thing for you to not take care of yourself. So for you to go out of your way to learn these things, not only for yourself but for your dog and all of these things that you're doing now.
Helena Rouhe: is fantastic. I mean it's it's meeting the bigger goal of you being able to have a more functional neutral content life.
casondra b: Yeah, I need more things to do.
casondra b: Well,
Helena Rouhe: There's probably lots of things to do. So you're you're chipping away at it, you don't need to do them all at once.
Helena Rouhe: Kind of
Helena Rouhe: One skill at a time.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah. Fair enough. So I would like to advocate that you contemplate the medical provider things for the pancreas.
casondra b: Yeah, start
Helena Rouhe: Looking into what that would look like. And you contemplate a conversation with government about this roommate situation.
casondra b: Oh,
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, and I'm just advocating contemplation.
casondra b: Yeah, I know.
casondra b: I will contemplate. Okay.
casondra b: All right, thanks. Elena
Helena Rouhe: You're very welcome.
Helena Rouhe: Do you want to set up another time, or we'll see each other and group.
casondra b: Um, yeah, we'll see each other in group. If I want to another time home he really
Absolutely.
Helena Rouhe: All right, take care, you too. Bye bye.